on that day mankind received a grim
reminder
nothing like a lovely cup of tea to
start a figure of you that's right guys
she's finally arrived figma 203 mikasa
ackerman from that show you know attack
on titan shingeki no Kyojin you know the
one there are some guys and they eat
smaller guys yeah the Casa here is the
first survey Corps member to see a figma
release with Aaron and levy on the way
in the future and armin azhar in tehran
fest 2014 exclusive sculpted by assign
Misaki the cast is ready to kick some
gigantic ass we've got a surprising
amount to get through this time around
but I'm sure we'll muscle through
somehow there's no shenanigans with the
hair this time folks mikasa likes her
hair the way it is and so do i I really
appreciate the care and attention that
was put into mccastle face in the anime
that made her look more feminine and
stand out among the waves of people were
in the same uniform that detail is
replicated really well on their faces
with solid shading on a lips and find
Chien her extra faces are gritting her
teeth possibly as she's forced to watch
one of her comrades get chomped on and
an intense shouting face when it's
heightened tries to chomp on her Oh get
off while her scarf appears to be
surgically attached to her neck at all
times if you feel so inclined you can
replace it with this nicely detailed
collar piece so whether she's cold or
not you can make sure she's dressed up
all nice and posh overall the jacket has
a great feel to it especially like the
extra effort has been made to keep the
shoulders more square the sleeves and
the jacket itself a slightly different
shades though which is an unfortunate
side effect of being made out of
different materials if that fact does
bother you too much though you can do
what everyone does with things that they
are ashamed of hide them with the survey
core-mantle you can do just that just
make sure you're a fan of that classic
windswept look if you decide to use this
accessory though as this mantle demands
action aside from the fairly commonplace
hands that you see with a lot of fig
Minh the class roster comes with special
hands designed for a pair of accessories
that i'm going to show you later on you
can probably already guess what they are
because it's bloody obvious but still
later
the rest of the uniform has been treated
to a fantastic helping of detail stuff
isn't necessarily going to line up when
you get into certain poses but that's
not really going to matter when you
consider how awesome this lasts going to
look when flying across your room
knee-high boots fab the best part about
these ones in particular though is the
toe articulation and the fact that the
bottoms have tread sculpted in I'm not
usually one to get excited about boot
treads but this is really cool I've
hurry to get all the basic stuff out the
way because it's no time to move on to
the accessories this is where things get
a little complicated because there are a
lot of accessories not to mention the
first thing you come across is this
which looks like it belongs in some sort
of sci-fi horror movie in its current
state this is the 3d maneuver gear a
symbiotic life-form that attaches itself
to the back and thighs of its host and
gives them the powers of spider-man in
exchange for the blood and souls of the
innocent also known as gas everything
else that this figure comes with
interacts in some way with 3d maneuver
gear and it's easy to say that this is
the figures crowning glory while its
intricacy can make it an absolute bugger
to position properly if you're opposing
perfectionist the end result is more
often than not absolutely staggering
even if the instructions seem to be
specifically designed to make you feel
like a four-year-old reading a thesis on
quantum mechanics macao says oversized
stanley knives plug into the gear at the
bottom while this can lead to wrestling
with the figure to get the cables as
well as the swords in the right place
she would look naked without them like
she'd gone to a pie-eating contest and
forgot to bring her mouth one nice
little thing is that you can pull the
blade out doing this means you can do
incredibly awesome stuff like put them
back in one nice extra is the hooks that
you can put on the front of the gear
making over there shooting ahead to set
up for the next epic maneuver these also
have the addition of little effects that
show like the gas coming out of the
sides making you look even better these
sort of rest / clip on the sides of the
gear so just be aware that they can be
prone to falling off adding these to
nearly any pose adds another level of
action well as long as you're sensible
my favorite accessory by far has to be
the gas trail you can replace the disc
at the back of the maneuver gear to add
this great motion effect the best part
is that it attaches to the base
effectively making the arm of the base
another half longer just beware this
shift smukke asses wait quite a lot so
you want to beware of positioning when
using this or crack 8 the screwdriver
and tighten yourself up otherwise
foliage is going to occur and with this
many accessories stuck onto her at once
falling would likely be about as
dystrophic as your best friend being
eaten by a Titan and just when you
thought the max factory had spoiled you
far too much and you couldn't possibly
have another bite of that sweet sweet
attack on titan cake there's more she
even comes with these crazy hooks
strings and things that allow you to
pretty much have a gear attached to well
anything I haven't dared to crack these
out yet I feel like doing so would be
opening Pandora's box that end up with
figma just hanging around all over the
place it'd be utter chaos anyway now
it's time for me to show off because I'm
an asshole if you ordered her directly
from the Good Smile online shop they
chucked in this suite d stage base it
looks like a roof what you can have your
Titan attack a stand on so it gives the
effect of them standing on a roof they
do spend a lot of their time on roofs
before you start looking at me like I'm
some sort of deranged fool oh you're
looking at me like that anyway well fair
enough if they come back into stock on
there again I dare say this is a great
incentive to provide direct just bear in
mind that this is simply a base and it
doesn't come with any of the extra arms
and stuff that D stages normally come
with still it's a lovely sentiment
Cheers good smile whoo that was a lot to
get through and I've scooted over quite
a lot of things for the sake of gravity
but I think it's clear enough to see
that makassar while fiddly to get right
most of the time isn't absolutely
amazing figma well worth the hype that
she got looks a little lonely all on her
own though it's a good thing that I
already have the other three pre-ordered
isn't it
i miss money